Docs clean up 1/n (#12477)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: docs/README.md

- You need to have LaTeX installed for rendering math equations. You can for example install TeXLive by doing one of the following:
  - on Ubuntu (Linux) run `apt-get install texlive` or otherwise follow the instructions on the TeXLive website
  - use the [RTD docker image](https://hub.docker.com/r/readthedocs/build)

## Developing docs

When developing the docs, building docs can be VERY slow locally because of the notebook tutorials.

> To speed this up, enable this flag in `path/to/pytorch-lighting/docs/conf.py`

Reviewer: @kaushikb11 let's do this with the env variable so we do not leak some personal changes to the codebase

Author: @Borda but when developing you have to run this command all the time:
```bash
grunt --project=docs
```

i don't know how grunt works under the hood, but i assume env vars will still be available to the python scripts it eventually calls?

Reviewer 2: Yup, commented below with suggestions! Thanks

> To speed this up, enable this flag in `path/to/pytorch-lighting/docs/conf.py`
> 
> ```python
> # builds notebooks which is slow
> _FAST_DOCS_DEV = False
> 
> # fast notebook build which is fast
> _FAST_DOCS_DEV = True
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To speed this up, enable this flag in before building docs:

```python
# builds notebooks which is slow
export PL_FAST_DOCS_DEV=0

# fast notebook build which is fast
export PL_FAST_DOCS_DEV=1
```
```

## docs CSS/theme

To change the CSS theme of the docs, go [here](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/lightning_sphinx_theme).

> Apologies in advance... this is a bit complex to build and requires basic understanding of javascript/npm.

Reviewer 2: Love such kind of communication!
